Database and machine learning models of dielectric constants of oxides
====

Database of dielectric constants of oxides obtained from first principles and prediction models constructed from those data by machine learning technique.


## Description
Computational database and machine learning models used for our study [1].
To construct database, initial structures are retrieved from the Materials Project database [2] on February 4, 2020.
First principles calculations were performed by VASP code [3].
This data is generated by our in-house programs, which rest firmly on pymatgen [4], fireworks [5], custodian [4], and atomate [6].
The prediction models are constructed by random forest models implemented in scikit-learn [7] with descriptors implemented in matminer[8].

## Database
Our computational results are stored in oxi\_diel\_db/data/ as JSON files. 

- mp\_id: Identification numbers of Materials Project database [1] of initial structures.
- formula: Chemical formula. The order of cation species in the chemical formulae of multi-cation-component systems is determined based on the electronegativity for easy auto-handling and does not necessarily follow the chemistry convention.
- nelements: Number of constituent atom species.
- nsites: Number of sites in the unit cell.
- elements: List of elements.
- structure: Optimized structure. The dict can be read by Structure.from\_dict implemented by pymatgen [4].
- spacegroup: Space group. Note that the space groups are different from those of the Materials Project database in some cases because the structures are re-optimized using different computational settings in this study.
- band\_gap: Band gap. (eV)
- is\_direct: (Bool) True if band gap is direct.
- dielectric
	- dielectric\_electronic: Electronic contribution to dielectric tensor.
	- dielectric\_electronic\_eig: Eigenvalues of dielectric\_electronic.
	- dielectric\_electronic\_avg: Spherically averaged electronic contribution to dielectric tensor. (i.e., average of dielectric\_electronic\_eig)
	- dielectric\_ionic: Ionic contribution to dielectric tensor.
	- dielectric\_ionic\_eig: Eigenvalues of dielectric\_ionic.
	- dielectric\_ionic\_avg: Spherically averaged ionic contribution to dielectric tensor. (i.e., average of dielectric\_ionic\_eig)
- phonon:
	- frequency: Phonon frequencies. (THz) Negative values indicate imaginary modes.
	- lowest\_freq: The minimum value of frequency.
- born\_effective\_charge:
	- tensors: Born effective charge tensor of each site.
	- avg\_abs\_trace: Average of absolute values of trace of tensors.

## Machine learning model

Excecute oxi\_diel\_db/prediction\_model/main.py -h for description of available options.

You can also use as a module by import predict\_log10\_eps from prediction\_model/ml\_prediction.py.

## Licence
The contents of this web site are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

## Reference
[1] A. Takahashi, Y. Kumagai, J. Miyamoto, Y. Mochizuki and F. Oba, submitted to Phys. Rev. Materials

[2] A. Jain, S. P. Ong, G. Hautier, W. Chen, W. D. Richards, S. Dacek, S. Cholia, D. Gunter, D. Skinner, G. Ceder, and K. A. Persson, APL Mater. 1, 011002 (2013).

[3] G. Kresse and J. Furthmüller, Phys. Rev. B 54, 11169 (1996), G. Kresse and D. Joubert, Phys. Rev. B 59, 1758 (1999).

[4] S. P. Ong, W. D. Richards, A. Jain, G. Hautier, M. Kocher, S. Cholia, D. Gunter, V. L. Chevrier, K. A. Persson, and G. Ceder, Comput. Mater. Sci. 68, 314 (2013).

[5] A. Jain, S. P. Ong, W. Chen, B. Medasani, X. Qu, M. Kocher, M. Brafman, G. Petretto, G.-M. Rignanese, G. Hautier, D. Gunter, and K. A. Persson, Concurr. Comput. Pract. Exp. 27, 5037 (2015).

[6] K. Mathew, J. H. Montoya, A. Faghaninia, S. Dwarakanath, M. Aykol, H. Tang, I. heng Chu, T. Smidt, B. Bocklund, M. Horton, J. Dagdelen, B. Wood, Z.-K. Liu, J. Neaton, S. P. Ong, K. Persson, and A. Jain, Comput. Mater. Sci. 139, 140 (2017).

[7] F. Pedregosa, G. Varoquaux, A. Gramfort, V. Michel,B. Thirion, O. Grisel, M. Blondel, P. Prettenhofer,R.Weiss, V. Dubourg, J. Vanderplas, A. Passos, D. Cournapeau,M. Brucher, M. Perrot, and E. Duchesnay, J.Mach. Learn. Res. 12, 2825 (2011).

[8] L. Ward, A. Dunn, A. Faghaninia, N. E. Zimmermann,S. Bajaj, Q. Wang, J. Montoya, J. Chen, K. Bystrom,M. Dylla, K. Chard, M. Asta, K. A. Persson, G. J. Snyder,I. Foster, and A. Jain, Comput. Mater. Sci. 152, 60(2018).

